come on come on let's go this is my
rescue mission car we've gone I just
want to get home what he does me and I
prefer yum is my wrist miss Cole
conscious oh man Duane a mistake
did have
payphone for each in poultry oh I'm
adult what evar don't worry I'll be
trouble oh come on the easy part
you're going out can I hide it's not a
fun font font in key or fine ah
just let us go
thanks you guys now you're so in other
words that you want one pumping home
procedure so water don't you I would run
to mangos and so on how it is you want
one
Oh sounds in the hem of the tattoo down
and hey
Oh
come on
Oh quite Ian Aloha
music la casa de
dasu yeah man we clear fuck me man what
a see now that's about the size of his
shit ya back there on that meat hook I
thought is this where you do have to
like it thank you bro you didn't have to
get broke of course our team if this
shit means anything shit the second I
knew hey how'd you even find me let's to
send me this app that truck your sales
city how'd you even know I got snatched
up trapper toe kinda i hack somebody
move about you disappear yeah I'm anyone
that for coming my way told me Annie's
high pitch you anyway gosh shit we're up
there and Trevor freaks the fuck out he
was about kills a friend and then he's
Chinese guys show up they take me hey
come on real well paint your Heidi okay
well if you want to talk about 10 days
home I watched every was worse we'll get
on to it what about we delivered the
mastery of course only made of tin Chi
Minh easygoing investor fucking money
well he's a clever guy that might not be
such a bad idea are you fucking serious
look Franklin you're gonna get your push
okay the sounds of it you'll even get
some interest to west down films too
gotta wait for that to play out or I got
any leverage over your team for rib on
Franklin at my feet chikoti hooking for
the last few hours maybe sometime i'll
figure it out promise yeah whatever yeah
ah how would you answer not to the
chumby now have web page with you oh
yeah yeah macaluso bra oh my gosh y'all
I ha Michael no right to the toll on you
guys yeah
I just want to get home go get to me
come on and I thought this was my wrist
miss I'm trying to wait an all-star in
case something all the shutter of our
kind you know